cluster resource fetcher for IBM Cloud (#54)
ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum: arboretum/ibm_cloud/README.md

   from arboretum.ibm_cloud.fetchers.fetch_cluster_list import ClusterListFetcher
   ```

### Cluster Resource

* Class: [ClusterResourceFetcher][fetch-ibm-cloud-cluster-resource]

> * Purpose: Write the resources of IBM Cloud Kubernetes clusters to the evidence locker.

Reviewer: How does this fetcher differ from the `kubernetes` fetcher?

Author: I added description about the difference in line 69.
https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/pull/54/files#diff-5932d4f823fe9fa3a1b95d08c50cd53ef4f485aa7e3adc41da52628ceda1465dR69

Reviewer: Seems to me like the purpose of this fetcher is complementary to the stand-alone cluster resource fetcher. 
 If so, then shouldn't the write up be the complement to that one?  Something like:

```
Purpose: Write the resources of **managed** Kubernetes clusters to the evidence locker. 
NOTE: Do not use this fetcher for stand-alone clusters. For Kubernetes stand-alone clusters, 
use the [Kubernetes cluster resource fetcher][fetch-kube-cluster-resource].
```

> * Behavior: Retrieve the resources of IBM Cloud Kubernetes clusters listed by [cluster list fetcher][fetch-cluster-list]. For IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service (IKS) clusters, the fetcher [downloads cluster config via IBM Cloud API][ibm-cloud-download-config] and extract the access token from the config. For IBM Cloud Red Hat Kubernetes Service (ROKS) clusters, the fetcher retrieves the access token using [the OAUTH server][ibm-cloud-roks-oauth] of the cluster. TTL is set to 1 day.

Reviewer: Is it relevant to call out how the access token is retrieved? This behavior doesn't describe anything having to do with the fetcher behavior but more about how access seems to be acquired to perform the fetch.

Author: I removed the description of internal behavior and move it to code comments of [IKS cluster function](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/pull/54/files#diff-bcd498e6b9c862fab4f20772411039245ac766ae4cab4186d5c9285b8835064aR66-R67) and [ROKS cluster function](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/pull/54/files#diff-bcd498e6b9c862fab4f20772411039245ac766ae4cab4186d5c9285b8835064aR87-R88).

* Configuration elements:
  * `org.ibm_cloud.accounts`
    * Required
    * List of accounts (string)
    * Each account is an arbitrary name describing the IBM Cloud account. It is used to match to the token provided in the
      credentials file in order for the fetcher to retrieve content from IBM Cloud for that account.
  * `org.ibm_cloud.cluster_resources.target_resource_types`
    * Optional
    * List of resource types as strings

>     * See the document of the [Kubernetes resource fetcher][fetch-kube-cluster-resource] for details.

Reviewer: ?

This link is sending you to the code for the Kubernetes cluster resource fetcher.  It's not clear why.

Author: I changed the link target to the description in the README file of the Kubernetes category.  Does this make sense for you?

Reviewer: Maybe I'm missing something but why are you repeatedly referencing the kubernetes resource fetcher?  As a user, I'd want to be able to go to this README, understand what the fetcher will do for me and how I can configure it.  It seems like you're just not wanting to replicate the content from that other README, is that it?  If so then I think that's wrong.

Reviewer: The config of the kubernetes fetcher isn't even the same as this one.  This is super confusing.

If target_resource_types are optional then the reader needs to know what the default is if the config is not provided.

* Expected configuration:

  ```json
  {
    "org": {
      "ibm_cloud": {
        "accounts": [
          "myaccount1", "myaccount2"
        ],
        "cluster_resources": {
          "target_resource_types": [
            "secrets", "batch/v1/cronjobs", "apigroup.example.com/v1/mycustom"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
  ```

* Required credentials:

>   * `ibm_cloud` credentials with read/view permissions are needed for this fetcher to successfully retrieve the evidence.  See `Required credentials` of the [cluster list fetcher][fetch-cluster-list].

Reviewer: You should reiterate it here rather than forcing someone to have to jump around for this info.

Author: I copied the description here.

* Import statement:

   ```python

>    from arboretum.ibm_cloud.fetchers.fetch_cluster_resource import ClusterResourceFetcher

Reviewer: `ClusterResourceFetcher` is also the name of the `kubernetes` version of this fetcher.  If added to the same import file this will cause a name collision and it won't be apparent why one of the fetchers (the first one) is not running.  Since the kubernetes version is already in place and we cannot really change the name of the class there, it would be a good idea to rename this one.  Maybe something like `ICClusterResourceFetcher`?

Author: I renamed it to as you suggested (`ICClusterResourceFetcher`).

   from arboretum.ibm_cloud.fetchers.fetch_cluster_list import ClusterListFetcher
   ```

### Cluster Resource

* Class: [ICClusterResourceFetcher][fetch-ibm-cloud-cluster-resource]
* Purpose: Write the resources of IBM Cloud Kubernetes clusters to the evidence locker.

> * Behavior: Retrieve tokens for IBM Cloud Kubernetes clusters listed by [IBM Cloud cluster list fetcher][fetch-cluster-list] using `api_key` in `~/.credentials`, and then retrieve specified `target_resource_types` of the clusters using the tokens. This fetcher uses one `api_key` per account which owns multiple clusters, while [Kubernetes resource fetcher][fetch-kube-cluster-resource] uses one `token` per cluster. TTL is set to 1 day.

Reviewer: Is there a reason you're referencing the Kubernetes resource fetcher here?  Seems unnecessary.

   from arboretum.ibm_cloud.fetchers.fetch_cluster_list import ClusterListFetcher
   ```

### Cluster Resource

* Class: [ICClusterResourceFetcher][fetch-ibm-cloud-cluster-resource]
* Purpose: Write the resources of **managed** Kubernetes clusters to the evidence locker. NOTE: Do not use this fetcher for stand-alone clusters. For Kubernetes stand-alone clusters, use the [Kubernetes cluster resource fetcher][fetch-kube-cluster-resource].

> * Behavior: Retrieve tokens for IBM Cloud Kubernetes clusters listed by [IBM Cloud cluster list fetcher][fetch-cluster-list] using `api_key` in `~/.credentials`, and then retrieve specified resources  using the tokens. TTL is set to 1 day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Purpose: Write the resources of **managed** Kubernetes clusters to the evidence locker.
* Behavior: Retrieve managed Kubernetes cluster resource data based on clusters gathered by the [IBM Cloud cluster list fetcher][fetch-cluster-list].  TTL is set to 1 day.
* NOTE: 
   * Do not use this fetcher for stand-alone clusters. For Kubernetes stand-alone clusters, use the [Kubernetes cluster resource fetcher][fetch-kube-cluster-resource].
   * This fetcher is dependent on evidence gathered by the [IBM Cloud cluster list fetcher][fetch-cluster-list], 
 i.e. importing the IBM Cloud cluster list fetcher is a prerequisite for the IKS cluster resource fetcher to work.
```

* Configuration elements:
  * `org.ibm_cloud.accounts`
    * Required

>     * List of accounts (string)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * List of accounts as strings
```
